in the public entity there has literally
been a coup d'état great news Elena
Sánchez interim president of
Spanish radio and television wins the battle
by eliminating the corporation's content director
José Pablo López with
votes from the PP and United We Can ends like this
The era of waste and save mass of the
public entity José Pablo López has I
believe that an evident bias for everything
that surrounds save me the television factory
and these people I believe that ideological and of
sympathies and friendships Elena Sánchez
well she is put there by the PSOE but
her main ideal is her but then on
the same day okay in the afternoon Elena
Sánchez also Sada as
interim president of Spanish radio and television
for an explosive board of
directors that decides to do an
absolute cleanup in the
public corporation she in the morning is in charge of
firing José Pablo But they dismiss her
later I believe that this evidently